PolyForm Noncommercial License 1.0.0

<https://polyformproject.org/licenses/noncommercial/1.0.0>

Acceptance

In order to get any license under these terms, you must agree
to them as both strict obligations and conditions to all
your licenses.

Copyright License

The licensor grants you a copyright license for the
software to do everything you might do with the software
that would otherwise infringe the licensor's copyright
in it for any permitted purpose.

Limits

The licensor does not give you any other kind of legal
permission under these terms.

Conditions

Your license to the software grants no rights to
patent claims that the licensor can license or
becomes able to license that you would infringe by
using, making, having made, selling, offering for
sale, importing, or otherwise disposing of the
software, unless the claims are necessarily infringed
by the software itself.

Notices

You must ensure that everyone who gets a copy of
any part of the software from you, with or without
changes, also gets the text of this license or a link
to <https://polyformproject.org/licenses/noncommercial/1.0.0>.

You must not remove from the software any
licensing, copyright, or other notices.

Noncommercial Purposes

Any noncommercial purpose is a permitted purpose.

Noncommercial purposes do not include uses in any
way primarily intended for or directed toward
commercial advantage or monetary compensation.

Patents

The licensor grants you a patent license for the
software that covers patent claims the licensor can
license, or becomes able to license, that you would
infringe by using, making, having made, selling,
offering for sale, importing, or otherwise disposing
of the software, unless the claims are necessarily
infringed by the software itself.

If you make any written claim that the software
infringes or contributes to infringement of any
patent, your patent license for the software granted
under these terms ends immediately.

Violations

If you violate these terms, all your licenses for the
software granted under these terms end immediately.

However, if you come into full compliance with these
terms, then your licenses from a particular licensor
are reinstated:

- provisionally, unless and until the licensor
  explicitly and finally terminates your licenses, and
- permanently, if the licensor fails to notify you of
  the violation by some reasonable means within 32
  days of becoming aware of it.

No Liability

As far as the law allows, the software comes as is,
without any warranty or condition, and the licensor
will not be liable to you for any damages arising out
of these terms or the use or nature of the software,
under any kind of legal claim.
